: His tutor, however, broke his word, and the day after Alexei had solemnly parted from him, the tutor was summoned by his God to his side, ;-.
Alexei was so depressed that he did not visit the school once more, during the days when the college was preparing for his mentor's funeral.
For the counselling with Ivan, Alexei, on the other hand, submitted a request document for cancellation to Mr. Pasi, the day after he received his mentor's obituary.
When Porphyry bumped into him at the academy that day, he asked him how he was doing out of concern, but Alexei just laughed bitterly and shook his head before leaving in a hurry, avoiding his senior's worried eyes.
His senior surmised that this was due to the slander and attacks on his mentor in the newspapers.
Zosima had been a well-known priest in the local Orthodox Church, and had later been hired as a professor at the university for his many interpretive papers on counselling, a crossover between theological and psychological disciplines that had brought him many academic enemies.
After his death, although many people continued to honour the professor, he did not receive the respect that equalled his reputation.
Many professors who had long held a grudge against Zosima's academic position were finally able to publish articles that exposed his poor lifestyle and inappropriate academic behaviour, some of which caused quite a stir.
Some of these articles caused quite a stir, such as the one about his fornication with a woman who came to pray while he was serving as a priest. This may have been just what the public wanted; after all, they preferred to see the saints ruined.
The Academy, which had always been extremely fair and reasonable in the battle of public opinion, let both sides of the argument run their course, and simply continued to organise the late professor's funeral.
It is true that Alexei's depression stems mainly from the death of his mentor, but in addition to that, he is also running away from his brother.
Patsy tells him that Ivan still wishes to continue counselling, and explains herself that Alexei's counselling is working, but Alexei responds with silence and excuses.
Taking pity on him, and knowing that he was going through a change of mind, Patsy did not give him any more classroom assignments, deciding to wait until after the funeral to confer.
changeBg:churchinterior.jpg;
:While the rumour mill was abuzz, Professor Zosima's funeral was held as scheduled, and after discussions between the college and his former colleagues, the funeral was held at the largest orthodox church in the area, which was, after all, the professor's former spiritual home.
Naturally, Alexei was invited by Mr Parsi to go to his mentor's funeral and stand with the students of the academy who had been taught by him.
The funeral was presided over by a bishop who had known Zosima well, and the main sanctuary of the church was filled with a crowd of mourners, and the candle holders in the corners of the pews were filled with candles of remembrance.
changeBg:illustration/candle.jpg;
Alexei realised with a start that his brother stood among the mourners, dressed in black.
After lighting the candle respectfully and glancing in his direction, the
changeBg:churchinterior.jpg;
Alexei hastily avoided his gaze, and when he looked up again, he realised that his brother had squeezed his way to some unknown end of the crowd.
Professor Zosima had never married in his life.
and his only relative, his brother, had died when he was young.
So most of the people who came were his colleagues from the church and the academy, as well as students and devotees who had been under his tutelage. Luckily, those who liked to argue about public opinion did not dare to make trouble directly in the sacred church, so the whole process of the funeral was carried out in a dignified and serious manner.
The people who had laid flowers and lit candles were ready to leave after the conclusion of the service.
changeBg:churchoutside.jpg;
As if to add a bit of after-programme to such, at that moment a stooped old man stood in the doorway of the church in the robes of an ascetic, and upon seeing the crowd exiting the hall, he loudly counted Zosima's former sins.
It was a priest who had once been in the same place as Zosima, perhaps jealous of his fame, and the specifications of the funeral, which had led him to put on this show in front of the nave at the cost of his own reputation in a manner that bordered on insanity.
changeFigure:phelapeng.png;
The Mad Priest:This highly respected professor was once nothing more than a charlatan.
He bought a few articles and got a professorial title in a dignified manner because he was not proud of his work in the church.
changeFigure:none;
A teacher of the college:Is it not too much to talk about the private affairs of this great professor outside the church where he is buried at this time of his funeral.
Besides, what evidence do you have, and if you can't produce any, please don't disturb the people here.
: The priest, however, paid no attention to the teacher's arguments, but simply went on with his own.
changeFigure:phelapeng.png;
The mad priest:Not only that, but he went so far as to make his students undergo experiments in counselling with close relatives in his final experimental project, so as to support his academic research.
He also colluded and colluded with the faithful who used to come to him for prayers to demand money and even fornicated with female believers after he became a layman, ;Â
You also know that he was in the military before he went to serve in the church, do you know what the style of our military is like ......
changeFigure:none;
:: Regardless of how much of what he said was true, it did provoke a heated discussion, and causing confusion may have been exactly what this priest was aiming for. The seriousness of the situation was finally broken.
That serious atmosphere was finally broken as a number of either angry or gloating people shouted and gathered around the old priest.
......
Ivan had been searching for his brother since he left the house, anxious to see Alexei since their last separation.
When the crowd began to pour out towards the outside of the church and the priest who had caused the disturbance at the church door mentioned the name of his brother's mentor, Ivan knew that his brother had to be nearby, for his brother was the one who loved his mentor the most.
He searched, and sure enough, he saw his brother stopping at the end of that chaotic crowd of people.
Perhaps it was his low mood and slow pacing that kept him from getting caught up in the mess of people already in front of him at the steps of the church, the
With his head down Alexei turned his back on the exclaiming and sighing crowd and headed towards the woods near the back of the church.
changeBg:none;
Ivan saw the opportunity to catch up quickly.
......
Ivan chased Alexei as he ran deeper into the woods ......
changeBg:forest.jpg;
changeFigure:Ivan/costume/shout.png;
Ivan:Alyosha, Alyosha!
changeFigure:none;
:No one answered in the forest, and finally under a pine tree he found Alexei, who was sitting crouching on the roots of the huge pine tree.
His brother, apparently tired of running as well, buried his head in his lap in spite of his posture, and when he heard Ivan's footsteps approaching, he turned away, trying to use it as a way to refuse to face Ivan.
changeFigure:Ivan/costume/mouthopen.png;
Ivan:I'm sorry Alyosha, I know you don't really want to see me, but there's something I have to tell you, even if we don't see each other again after this ......
miniAvatar:alyosha/windcoat/tears.png;
Alexei lifted his head slightly, revealing the red cheeks of a small child crying.
Alexei:Ivan, I'm sorry, please leave ......
I'm ashamed to see you now.
changeFigure:Ivan/costume/serious.png;
miniAvatar:alyosha/windcoat/sad.png;
Ivan:I'm not leaving, Alyosha, until I've given you the whole story.
The counselling was proposed by me to your tutor, who I knew before.
He also knew about my father, and had mediated his financial problems, and he recommended me for counselling when I was depressed after my father's death. ......
miniAvatar:alyosha/windcoat/sadeyeclosed.png;
Alexei:So is this what my mentor intended ......
changeFigure:Ivan/costume/mouthopen.png;
Ivan:No, I told you, I was the one who offered to see you, I just wanted to see again what kind of person you've become ......
miniAvatar:alyosha/windcoat/sad.png;
Your mentor probably agreed to this out of pity for me.
To be honest, I didn't expect to see you again and get to know each other in this way at first ......
But Zosima he was in no way trying to use you or test you because even if he didn't agree I would have used other methods to get to you.
I'm sorry, I did want to torture you before about what happened once, because you're the only one amongst our family who's unaffected by this, the only one who's pure and stays out of it, and
I am jealous of you now ......
miniAvatar:alyosha/windcoat/sadeyeclosed.png;
Alexei:I'm sorry, Ivan.
The truth is, from the moment I met you, and throughout the counselling sessions, I could not ignore the influence I was exerting on you.
I may have been the cause of your heart condition.
changeFigure:Ivan/costume/eyemove.png;
miniAvatar:alyosha/windcoat/sad.png;
Ivan:No, Alexei, it was sickness and my jealousy that made me think this way.
But I resolved the moment I saw you that I did not want to tell you these things, and that this unhealthy and morbid chain should end with me, and that I could not accept to colour you as I am. ;
I would rather you were well and happy.
The kind of distortion that made me do such harm to you.
I don't want to see you so lost and sad because of me now.
I heard about your request to cancel counselling, and it made me realise that I did pull you to my side with my sinful side, and that you were right to run away.
changeFigure:Ivan/costume/serious.png;
After all, I did this to you once, and I was only eager to torment you.
Now please go away, I feel much better after telling you this, and not seeing each other again might make us get through each other's lives. ;
choose:Rejecting Ivan's offer to live with him:5.2.1.txt|Accepting Ivan's offer that the two of you will no longer correspond:5.2.2.txt ;